complete sentence (#273)
InterWasm/docs: dev-academy/develop-smart-contract/01-intro.md

terminate the contract's execution with an acknowledgement of success by returning an `Ok` result with the
default `Response`.

> In this example, the default `Response` is generated automatically for simplicity. However, the `Response` can be manually created to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the default `Response` is used for simplicity. However, the `Response` can be manually created to
```
